    Quick Questions

    Two valid and well-named variable names:

1. 'total_score': This name is clear and descriptive, indicating it represents a total score in a program.
2. 'user_age': It specifies that the variable stores the age of a user, making it easy to understand.

    Two valid but not well-named variable names:

1. 'x': While it's valid, it lacks clarity and doesn't convey any meaningful information about what the variable represents.
2. 'temp': It's valid, but "temp" is an abbreviation that doesn't explain what the variable is used for. Longer and more
descriptive names are often better.

    Two variable names that would not be valid:

1. '3apples': Variable names cannot start with a digit.
2. 'my-variable': Variable names cannot contain hyphens; underscores should be used instead.

    Naming convention for variables in Python:

Variable names in Python should follow these conventions:

  Start with a letter (a-z, A-Z) or an underscore (_).
  Followed by letters, numbers, or underscores.
  Variable names are case-sensitive (e.g., 'myVar' and 'myvar' are considered different variables).

    What is a constant? Give an example of when you would use one:

A constant is a value that does not change during the execution of a program. It's used to store data that remains fixed
 throughout the program's execution. Constants are typically named with uppercase letters and underscores to distinguish
 them from variables. For example:

PI = 3.14159265359  # An example of a constant representing the value of pi

You can use constants when you have a value that should remain consistent throughout your program, such as mathematical
constants (e.g., pi), configuration settings, or any value that should not be modified accidentally.

Naming convention for constants:
Constants in Python are typically named using uppercase letters and underscores to distinguish them from variables and
make them easily recognizable. For example: 'MAX_VALUE', 'TAX_RATE', 'PI'.

                                    LOGICAL EXERCISE

    Q1.
A drawer contains 10 black and 10 white socks that are all mixed up. What is the fewest number of socks you can take from
 the drawer without looking and be sure to get a pair of the same colour?

   You would need to take a minimum of **three socks** from the drawer without looking to be sure of getting a pair of the
same color.

Here's why:

1. In the worst-case scenario, you could pick one black sock and one white sock.
2. The next sock you pick will definitely match the color of one of the socks you already have, giving you a pair.

So, with three socks, you are guaranteed to have a pair of the same color.

